docs(core): Remove obsolete references to submodules; Reformat list of libraries into a table. (#940)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/dev-guide/components-core/index.md

### Source Dependencies

> To download and build all dependencies required by the core, run this `task` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download and build all dependencies required by CLP core, run the `deps:core` task:
```

|--------------------|----------------|-------------------------------------|
| absl               | 20230802.1     | renamed from abseil-cpp             |
| antlr4             | v4.13.1        | JAR only                            |
| catch2             | v2.13.7        |                                     |
| date               | v3.0.1         |                                     |
| fmt                | v8.0.1         |                                     |
| nlohmann_json      | v3.11.3        | renamed from json                   |
| log-surgeon        | f801a3f        |                                     |
| outcome            | v2.2.9         |                                     |
| simdjson           | v3.6.3         |                                     |
| spdlog             | v1.9.2         |                                     |
| sqlite3            | v3.36.0        |                                     |
| utfcpp             | v4.0.6         |                                     |
| yaml-cpp           | v0.7.0         | target name changed to yaml-cpp     |
| yscope-log-viewer  | 969ff35        |                                     |

> | ystdlib            | 2ac1757        | renamed from ystdlib-cpp            |

Reviewer: Good idea to use a table. Let's:

* keep the original package name, since the internal task name shouldn't really matter to the developer (they can't invoke it without doing something special, anyway). So in that case, I don't think we'd need the "Notes" column.
* keep the links to the each package. If you want to refactor things so that they read nicely in Markdown, you can use link references like we do for `[Task]`.
